You know, I have often been asked "What's the history behind your nick?" To the askers I have always responded a long answer of utter drivel. Today will be no different, for the true answer is unknown to me, as far as you know. I, relpats_eht, am no different from anyone else. Well, perhaps a bit different, a bit off, if you will. Most people have thus come absent mindedly to the conclusion that I am just that little bit different from the rest of society because of what they believe to be above average intelligence, despite frequent retorts to these claims. I am relpats_eht, neither smarter nor dumber than anyone else. The only true disparity is that I haven't the smallest inkling of anything which could be considered a life. Quite frankly, I do not even know what that means. Now, if you were to mull over that statement for a second, you may have a hint as to the origin of my nick. Now then, in the time it has taken for your two red eyes to skip over the few pixels separating this sentence, as well as reading this sentence, I expect you must have figured it out. The reason my nick is relpats_eht is because I was bored. There is no reason, history or meaning behind it. It does not have anything to do with staplers, the fact that when read backwards it does say such is strictly coincidence. It is merely a random combination of letters my fingers happened to fall on as I typed. No more, no less. When you have as little of life as I have, on occasion you may find yourself randomly typing at the keyboard. Not typing words, only letters accordingly to kill time, and tire your fingers out. It so happens that one day what I found among the bytes of pointless ramblings that the sequence of letters r e l p a t s _ e h t happened to emerge more than once. Because this string of letters was among the few pronounceable things that had ever fallen from my fingers, and the only pronounceable thing to appear more than once on the same page, it was chosen as my nick. An anti-climactic story, I am sure, but do not worry, their wasn't much rising action, so you wont fall too far back down the conclusion. This, of course being a conclusion to something I have written, will make not the smallest bit of sense. Have fun finding the last answer; there is nothing random about it.